Before you begin
================

Before you get started, you should familiarize yourself with the
:doc:`overview`, :doc:`terminology`, and the :doc:`Passphrases
<passphrases>` involved in SecureDrop's operations. You may wish to
leave these documents open in other tabs for reference as you work.

SecureDrop is a technical tool. It is designed to protect journalists
and sources, but no tool can guarantee safety. This guide will
instruct you in installing and configuring SecureDrop, but it does not
explain how to use it safely and effectively. Put another way: at the
end of this guide, you will have built a car; you will not know how to
drive. Make sure to review the :doc:`deployment_practices` to get the
most out of your new SecureDrop instance.

Installing SecureDrop is an extended manual process which requires a
bunch of preparation and equipment. You should probably set aside a day
to complete the install process. A successful install requires an
administrator with at-least basic familiarity with Linux, the GNU core
utilities and Bash shell. If you are not proficient in these areas, it
is strongly recommended that you contact the `Freedom of the Press
Foundation <https://securedrop.org/help>`__ for installation assistance.

Before you begin, you will need to assemble all the :doc:`hardware <hardware>`
that you are going to use.

When running commands or editing configuration files that include
filenames, version numbers, usernames, and hostnames or IP addresses,
make sure you use the appropriate values for your instance.

Once you're familiar with SecureDrop, you've made your plan, your
organization is ready to follow-through and you have the required
hardware assembled before you, you're ready to begin.
